Update i18n.mdx (#9780)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/recipes/i18n.mdx

- [astro-i18next](https://github.com/yassinedoghri/astro-i18next) — An Astro integration for i18next including some utility components.
- [astro-i18n](https://github.com/alexandre-fernandez/astro-i18n) — A TypeScript-first internationalization library for Astro.
- [astro-i18n-aut](https://github.com/jlarmstrongiv/astro-i18n-aut) — An Astro integration for i18n that supports the `defaultLocale` without page generation. The integration is adapter agnostic and UI framework agnostic.

> - [astro-react-i18next](https://github.com/jeremyxgo/astro-react-i18next) — Integrates i18next and react-i18next seamlessly into your Astro website to provide robust i18n support for React components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [astro-react-i18next](https://github.com/jeremyxgo/astro-react-i18next) — An Astro integration that seamlessly enables the use of i18next and react-i18next in React components on Astro websites.
```
